Added hints to three problems (#3477)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/gold/usaco-838.mdx

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_milkorder_gold_open18.html)

<Spoiler title="Hint 1">

> Notice that we can dissect the problem into two parts. The one that deals with sorting out the cows given first $X$ observations, and the one that deals with finding $X$ itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem can be split into two problems: determining the cow order given the first $X$ observations, and actually finding $X$.
```

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 2">

> Assuming we have a device that can tell if the first $X$ observations don't contradict each other. We can binary search the value $X$ in $\mathcal{O}(\log M)$ time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the first $X$ observations don't contradict each other, what does that say about any prefix of those observations? Similarly, if there's a contradiction in the first $X$, what would happen if we added any additional observation?
```

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 3">

> How do we systematically figure out if some observations are contradicting each other? Try convert them into a directed graph, where you construct an edge from cow node $a$ to cow node $b$ if $a$ is placed infront of $b$ in any of the observations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try representing the cows' social hierarchy as a directed graph.
```

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_milkorder_gold_open18.html)

<Spoiler title="Hint 1">

Notice that we can dissect the problem into two parts. The one that deals with sorting out the cows given first $X$ observations, and the one that deals with finding $X$ itself.

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 2">

Assuming we have a device that can tell if the first $X$ observations don't contradict each other. We can binary search the value $X$ in $\mathcal{O}(\log M)$ time.

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 3">

A way to determine if a list of observations don't contradict each other is to convert this into a directed graph problem. Where you construct an edge from cow node $a$ to cow node $b$ if $a$ is placed infront of $b$ in any of the observations. 

</Spoiler>

<Spoiler title="Hint 4">

> We observe that to satisfy the strict hierachy of one cow must be ahead of another, the graph constructed must a direct-acylic-graph, a directed graph without cycles!

Reviewer: why is this hint 4
